docs: Add entity docs (#137)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/odata/common/entity/entity.mdx

> In OData entity collections are the resource against which you execute requests and CRUD operations.

Reviewer: To get a better reading flow a comma would help me: In OData, entity collections are the...

> In OData entity collections are the resource against which you execute requests and CRUD operations.

Author: ```suggestion
In OData, entity collections are the resource against which you execute requests and CRUD operations.
```

The SAP Cloud SDK operates on entity classes, that represent those resources.

> In OData the JSON representation of a single business parter could be something like this:

Author: ```suggestion
In OData the JSON representation of a single business partner could be something like this:
```

> In OData the JSON representation of a single business partner could be something like this:

Reviewer: I would get rid of the `In OData` here because also for REST apis the send or received data is represented in JSON. So perhaps something like: While receiving or sending data, it may be represented by JSON. An example for such a payload in the business partner case may look like:

Reviewer: This sending data goes also nice with the next sentences below.

Author: This isn't really the gist of what I was trying to say. I wanted to make clear that we are talking about the JSON representation of OData and not our JSON representation. I tried to improve it, let me know if this is better in your opinion.

> In OData the JSON representation of a single business partner could be something like this:

Author: ```suggestion
An OData JSON representation of a single business partner could be something like this:
```

```json
{
  "FirstName": "Peter",
  "LastName": "Pan",
  "to_BusinessPartnerAddress": [
    {
      "Country": "Neverland"
    }
  ]
}
```

When using the SAP Cloud SDK this entity would be represented as an instance of the `BusinessPartner` entity class from the according business partner service.
The properties of entity class instances are held in camel case as is common in JavaScript:

```bash

> BusinessPartner {

Reviewer: I think there is an assignment missing at least if it is supossed to be TypeScript.

Author: I wasn't sure how to show this - this is supposed to be the representation of an instance of the `BusinessPartner` class. (This is the output of `console.log(bupa)`), where `bupa` is an instance of `BusinessPartner`.
I don't want to show the entity builder just yet, only the instance... do you have a better idea?

  firstName: 'Peter',
  lastName: 'Pan',
  toBusinessPartnerAddress: [ BusinessPartnerAddress { country: 'Neverland' } ]
}
```

> OData responses, that contain entities are automatically transformed to the respective entity class when using the SAP Cloud SDK.

Reviewer: perhaps use instead of `transform` the term desirialse/serialize we also use in our code.

Author: done

> OData responses, that contain entities are automatically transformed to the respective entity class when using the SAP Cloud SDK.

Author: ```suggestion
OData responses, that contain entities are automatically deserialized to the respective entity class when using the SAP Cloud SDK.
```

> To execute create or update requests you have to build an instance of an entity class, that represents the data to be created or updated.

Reviewer: This sounds a bit like: https://xkcd.com/703/.

Author: I thought so too, when writing it ;) But then I also decided, that this is correct, because "executing a create request" requires a representation of the "data to be created". Do you have an idea how to express that better?
